if laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
the only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
it looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
if I wanted a bitch, I’d have bought a dog.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
did you know they used to be called “Jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
you are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
when you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, “I’m very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through.”
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
your ass must be pretty jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth.
I’m not a proctologist, but I know an asshole when I see one.
do yourself a favor and ignore anyone who tells you to be yourself. Bad idea in your case.
I can’t help imagining how much better the world would be if your dad had just pulled out.
if ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet.
there are some remarkably dumb people in this world. Thanks for helping me understand that.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
it’s kind of hilarious watching you try to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
You look like the poster child for a suicide hotline.
You are the reason contraceptives exist.
You are what comes out when a brother and sister have a baby together.
I think your mother may have skipped the third trimester.
All you need is a helmet and a mouth guard to be a prime candidate for the short yellow bus.
Your face too closely resembles the surface of the Moon.
You're just lucky the toilet wouldn't flush when you were born.
You are like a genetics experiment gone horribly wrong.
You're so screwed up, even your afterbirth had defects.
I guess the dentist couldn't do anything for you?
Do you still love nature, even after what it did to you?
Calling you stupid would be an insult to stupid people.
You started at the bottom . . . and it's been downhill ever since.
Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
Do you want people to accept you as you are or do you want them to like you?
I know I'm talking like an idiot. I have to, otherwise you wouldn't understand me. 
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it. 